Add tasks on Bell states changes to Multi-Qubit States kata (#1385)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_systems/bell_state_change_2/solution.md

> We have seen in Task "State flip" that the Pauli X gate flips $|0\rangle$ to $|1\rangle$ and vice versa, and as we seem to need some flipping of states, perhaps this gate may be of use. (Bearing in mind, of course, that the X gate operates on a single qubit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have seen in the Single-Qubit Gates kata that the Pauli X gate flips $|0\rangle$ to $|1\rangle$ and vice versa, and as we seem to need some flipping of states, perhaps this gate may be of use. (Bearing in mind, of course, that the X gate operates on a single qubit).
```

Let's compare the starting state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big(|0_A0_B\rangle + |1_A1_B\rangle\big)$ with the goal state $\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} \big(1_A0_B\rangle + |0_A1_B\rangle\big)$ term by term and see how we need to transform it to reach the goal.

> Using our nomenclature from "Bell state change  1", we can now see by comparing terms that $|0_{A}\rangle$ has flipped to $|1_A\rangle$ to get the first term, and $|1_{A}\rangle$ has flipped to $|0\rangle$ to get the second term. This allows us to say that the correct gate to use is Pauli X, applied to `qs[0]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using our nomenclature from "Bell state change  1", we can now see by comparing terms that $|0_{A}\rangle$ has flipped to $|1_A\rangle$ to get the first term, and $|1_{A}\rangle$ has flipped to $|0_A\rangle$ to get the second term. This allows us to say that the correct gate to use is Pauli X, applied to `qs[0]`.
```
